Murder She Wrote User Stories
Cases:
“As a <user category> I want to <action> so that I can <business purpose>”


Users:
1) As a user I want to be able to see crime data in Seattle so that I can look and be aware incidents.
    See Dev 1
2) As a user I want to be able to select crime categories to see specifics of incidents
    See Dev 3/5
3) As a user I want to be able to select neighborhood to see visual map representation to see neighborhood stats
    See Dev 3/5
4) As a user I want to be able to select date filters on specific crime stats
    See Dev 3/5
5) As a user I want a visually simple site to be able to access things cleaner
    2 hours a night.
6) As a user I want up to date information so I can just see it
    See Dev 8
7) As a user I want to be able to filter out non-violent crimes to narrow categories base on what I want.
    See Dev 3
**8) As a user of a site that represents city information, I want to not be offended by the things I see and read.**
    All Developers Look over content. 1 hour
9) As a user I want to be able to access this site with my phone
    See Dev 10


Developer:
1)As a developer I want to be able view a map on a page to visualize every incident in Seattle
    (half a day) By Tuesday at 1pm
2) As a developer I "want" to be able to develop in a test driven manner in order to create more solid functions.
    Add two hours to every estimate
3) As a developer I want to be able to have filters on the map to narrow down incidents of data
    Time. Type.
    Wednesday by 1pm
4) As a developer I want shaded overlays so I can create impactful representation.
    3.5 hours
5) As a developer I want graphs so I can reresent statistics.
    With filters
6) As a developer I want filters on my graph to represent slice of data
    4 hours
7) As a developer I want twitter feed from Seattle PD to display latest incidents on main page.
    3 hours
8) As a developer I want access to relevant data so I can manipulate data and use it to display.
    Half a day
9) As a developer I want a reference page that explains what the data is to provide clarity to my users
    2 hours
10) As a developer, I want to develop my site using a mobile first approach to keep my user base wide and to provide consistency
    across platforms
      N/A
